# EULA

EasyVoc End-User License Agreement This End-User License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal agreement between you and EasyVoc for the use of t he EasyVoc application (the "Software"). By downloading, installing, accessing, or using the Software, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not d ownload, install, access, or use the Software. License EasyVoc grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software on one (1) device only. Th is license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Software in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute, or sublicense the Software. You may not copy, decompile, reverse e ngineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Software, any u pdates, or any part thereof. Termination The license granted to you under this Agreement will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term of this Agreement. In such an event, you must immediately stop using the Software and destroy all copies of the Softwa re in your possession. Subscriptions If you have subscribed to the Service, your subscription will continue until it is terminated by you or by EasyVoc. If you have subscribed to the Service, your subscription will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period, unless you cancel your subscription before the end of the current subscription period. If you cancel your subscription , you will continue to have access to the Service until the end of the current subscription period, after which your lice nse to use the Service will automatically terminate. Ownership The Software is licensed, not sold, to you for use only under the terms of this Agreement. EasyVoc and its licensors retain ownership of the Software and all intellectual property rights related to the Software. Warranty Disclaimer The Software is provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall EasyVoc be li able for any claim, damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or otherwise, arising from, out o f, or in connection with the use of the Software or the provision of or failure to provide support services. Governing Law This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the United States, without reference to its choice of law rules. Any disputes arising under or in connection with this Agreement will be resolved in accordance with the rules of the Ame rican Arbitration Association. Entire Agreement This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and EasyVoc with respect to the use of the Software a nd supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject ma tter. Severability If any provision of this Agreement is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in fu ll force and effect. Amendments EasyVoc reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. Your continued us e of the Software following any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new terms and conditions. Limited Liability Under no circumstances shall EasyVoc be liable to you for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequentia l damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Software, even if EasyVoc has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall EasyVoc's total liability to you for all damages exceed the amount paid by you fo r the Software. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless EasyVoc and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in any way connected with your access to or use of the Software, or your violation of this Agreement. Export Control You acknowledge that the Software may be subject to export laws and regulations of the United States. You agree to comply with all applicable export laws and regulations. Assignment This Agreement may not be assigned by you without the prior written approval of EasyVoc, and any attempted assig nment without such approval will be null and void. EasyVoc may assign this Agreement without your prior written c onsent to any third party. Survival The provisions of this Agreement regarding ownership, warranty disclaimer, governing law, severability, amendmen ts, and survival will survive any termination of this Agreement.l

{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/EULA.pdf" %}
