# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for EasyVoc This Privacy Policy applies to the "EasyVoc" application ("Application" or "Service") and outlines how the Applicat ion developer (“Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses, stores, and processes the personal information of our users (“you” or “your”). Personal Information Collection The only personal information that we collect is your name and email address and the hardware ID of the device you use to access the Application. We collect this information in order to provide you with a personalized experience wh ile using the Application and to communicate with you. Use of Personal Information The personal information that we collect is used to improve the quality of our Services and to better understand our u sers’ needs. We may use your email address to send you notifications about updates to the Application or to send yo u promotional messages. Data Storage We take the security of your personal information very seriously and store it securely on our servers. We have imple mented technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, alterat ion, disclosure, or destruction. Disclosure of Personal Information We will not sell, rent, or share your personal information with any third party, unless required by law. Your Rights You have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information at any time. If you would like to exercise t his right, please contact us at easyvoc.app@gmail.com. Changes to Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, lega l, or regulatory reasons. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will notify you by email or through the Application if the changes are significant. Your continued use of the Application after any changes to thi s Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at easyvoc.app@gmail.com. This document was last updated on January 27, 2023.

{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/privacy policy.pdf" %}
