# Terms of Service



EasyVoc Terms of Service By using the EasyVoc application (the "Application" or the "Service"), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service" or "Agreement"). If you do not agree with any of the terms of this Agreemen t, you are prohibited from using the Application and should discontinue use immediately. Use of the Service The Application is intended for your personal, non-commercial use. You may use the Service for lawful purposes on ly. You are responsible for your own use of the Service, for any content you create, transmit or display while using t he Service, and for ensuring that such content does not infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Registration and User Account To use certain features of the Application, you may need to provide personal information, including your name and e mail address. You agree to provide accurate and complete information when creating your user account and to keep such information up-to-date. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, a nd are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your account. Intellectual Property The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of EasyVo c and its licensors. The Application is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and for eign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without th e prior written consent of EasyVoc. Changes to the Service EasyVoc reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service or any part th ereof with or without notice. You agree that EasyVoc will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modificat ion, suspension, or discontinuation of the Service. Termination of Service EasyVoc may, at its sole discretion, at any time terminate or suspend all or a portion of the Service, or your use of all or a portion of the Service, with or without notice and with or without cause. Disclaimer of Warranty The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. EasyVoc makes no representations or warranti es of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Service or the information, content, materials, or produc ts included in the Service. You expressly agree that your use of the Service is at your sole risk. Limitation of Liability In no event will EasyVoc, its affiliates, or their licensors, service providers, employees, agents, officers, or directors be liable for damages of any kind, under any legal theory, arising out of your use, or inability to use, the Service, incl uding any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages, including but not limited to, perso nal injury, pain and suffering, emotional distress, loss of revenue, loss of profits, loss of business or anticipated savin gs, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of data, and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract, or otherwise, even if foreseeable. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless EasyVoc, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its an d their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, assigns, content providers, a nd other contracting parties, from and against all claims, demands, losses, expenses, damages and costs, including re asonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Service or any activity related to your accoun t (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the Application. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Agreement and your use of the Service will be governed under the laws of the United States without regard to it s conflict of law provisions. Any legal action arising out of or relating to the Service must be brought in a federal or state court located in the United States. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. Miscellaneous This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and EasyVoc with respect to the use of the Service. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remain ing provisions shall be enforced. EasyVoc's failure to enforce any right or provision in this Agreement shall not cons titute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. In the event of any con flict between these Terms of Service and any other agreement you may have with EasyVoc, the terms of that other a greement will control only if these Terms of Service are specifically identified and declared to be overridden by such other agreement. Contact Information If you have any questions about these Terms of Service, please contact us at easyvoc.app@gmail.com .

{% file src="../.gitbook/assets/terms of service.pdf" %}
